[6.0.0] feat(Singleton): implement the API wrapper as a singleton (#88)
inloco/incognia-node: README.md

}
```

## Migration to v6

> The v6 has brought many changes to the `IncogniaApi` interface, transforming the previous instance methods into static methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The v6 changed the `IncogniaApi` interface, transforming the previous instance methods into static methods.
```

Só por questões de simplificidade mesmo. Eu nem considero que trouxe muitas mudanças pro cliente...

> When migrating to v6, it'll be necessary to adjust the `IncogniaApi` usage as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When migrating to v6, adjust the `IncogniaApi` usage as follows.
```

Só por simplicidade também.

### Initialization

Instead of creating an instance of the `IncogniaApi` class using your API credentials, just initialize the `IncogniaApi` with your credentials using the `init()` method. Initializing the `IncogniaApi` is a required step and must be done before calling any of the other `IncogniaApi` methods.

```
// Before
const incogniaApi = new IncogniaApi({
  clientId: 'clientId',
  clientSecret: 'clientSecret'
})

// After
IncogniaApi.init({
  clientId: 'clientId',
  clientSecret: 'clientSecret'
})
```

### Register methods

> Every method that was called on a `IncogniaApi` instance is now static, and should be called on the `IncogniaApi` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every method of the `IncogniaApi` instance is now static, and should be called on the `IncogniaApi` class.
```
